Update sql-logs.md (#2916)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/data-source-configurations/collect-logs.md

The [SQL Query receiver][sqlquery_receiver_docs] retrieves logs from SQL databases, including MySQL, Oracle and PostgreSQL. See below for configuration for a specific database engine.

:::note

> This section describes the configuration to collect logs stored in DB tables using queries. If you intend to monitor Database applications availability, performance, and resource utilization of MySQL database clusters, visit [Database Monitoring][database monitoring] and find the Database of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the configuration to collect logs stored in DB tables using queries. If you intend to monitor Database applications availability, performance, and resource utilization of MySQL database clusters, visit [Database Monitoring](/docs/integrations/databases) and find the Database of your choice.
```

> This section is intented to provide configuration to collect logs stored in DB tables using query.  If you intent to monitor Database applications availability, performance and resource utilization of MySQL database clusters, visit [Database Monitoring][database monitoring] and find Database of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes the configuration to collect logs stored in DB tables using queries. If you intend to monitor Database applications availability, performance, and resource utilization of MySQL database clusters, visit [Database Monitoring][database monitoring] and find the Database of your choice.
```

[tcp_log_receiver_docs]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/tcplogreceiver/README.md
[udp_log_receiver_docs]: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/receiver/udplogreceiver/README.md
[sqlquery_receiver_docs]: https://github.com/dmolenda-sumo/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/sqlquery-receiver-add-logs-v0.78.0/receiver/sqlqueryreceiver/README.md

> [database monitoring]: https://help.sumologic.com/docs/integrations/databases/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
